# connect

在文件夹`kafka-2.8\connect`下的内容

用于管理其他系统和kafka进行连接的内容。

用户用json进行配置。

## connector

`kafka-2.8\connect\api\src\main\java\org\apache\kafka\connect\connector`

### Connector

Connectors manage integration of Kafka Connect with another system.

Connectors have two primary tasks:

- given some configuration, they are responsible for creating configurations for a set of {@link Task}s that split up the data processing.
  - e.g. Database connector
- monitoring inputs for changes that require reconfiguration and notifying the Kafka Connect runtime via the {@link ConnectorContext}.

### ConnectorContext


Interface

ConnectorContext allows Connectors to proactively interact with the Kafka Connect runtime.

### ConnectRecord

Base class for records containing data to be copied to/from Kafka.

### Task

Interface

Tasks contain the code that actually copies data to/from another system.

## data

### Schema

Interface 

All schemas may have some associated metadata: a name, version, and documentation. 

在data文件夹下有很多kafka封装的类型，例如：Date, Decimal, Time等，每个类型都有一个Schema(概要)。

### ConnectSchema

Schema的一种实现。

## sink

像是kafka和其他系统进行数据传输时使用的。
包含SinkConnector, SinkRecord, SinkTask等。

例如：The Kafka Connect JDBC Sink connector allows you to export data from Apache Kafka® topics to any relational database with a JDBC driver.

### SinkTask

SinkTask is a Task that takes records loaded from Kafka and sends them to another system.

## source

里面大多都是接口和抽象类，应该是需要和kafka交互的系统自己实现。

### SourceConnectors

SourceConnectors implement the connector interface to pull data from another system and send it to Kafka.

### SourceRecord

SourceRecords are generated by SourceTasks and passed to Kafka Connect for storage in Kafka.